

  Hey there! Thanks for purchasing this pack!

  For this product i don't have many recommendations to give, aside from just a few:

  - i've tried to make this token work well when printed, tried to make them pop and 
    recognizeable in small and with color difference, but my experience may differ from
    yours, so, before rushing to print the files on something expensive or difficult, do
    some test to see if it works well with your machine. if it doesn't, like if it maybe
    comes out too dark, try to adjust either the saturation or the exposure of the 
    sheets until it's fine, this with either your printing software or with a 
    photo-editing software if you have the means. 
    If you require more assistance in regard to printing the sheets, feel free to reach
    to me either on twitter (@TornioDuva) or via mail: lorenzo.andreozzi@gmail.com

  - You're free to choose how to bring these token to life, either as physical ones or as
    as icons for online play. 
    If you want an easy and quick way to to have them physically to use in your game, this
    what I did: 

    - Print the sheet on thick paper, something like drawing albums; if it doeasn't fit
      your home printer, cut to the preferred format (usually A4). 
    - Take a piece of cardboard or similar that can fit the printed sheet, also decently 
      thick but your choice there.
    - Glue the sheet onto the cardboard, or use double-sided scotch tape, just make sure
      that every part of the sheet is equally attached.
    - After pressing it a bit to make sure it's glued, proceed to cut the tokens. 

    And you're done! Provided you have all of this readily available, in less than half an
    hour you can have all of the physical tokens you might need for an RPG session. 

  That is all! as is said, not much to say here; they are just tokens after all. 
  I'd like to expand on this in the future, by like making packs with illustrations for each
  different subclass, or with non-specific logos/illustrations, so stay tuned for that; if
  in the meantime you might like the idea of personalized icons for token lke these or other
  similar, feel free to reach out to me for commissions, on whatever social or contact you
  prefere. here on my site there is a link for them all:

  (site link): lorenzo-andreozzi.carrd.co

  Thanks again, and have a good day!